Qualys Event Collector (#26989)
demisto/content: Packs/qualys/Integrations/QualysEventCollector/README.md

Qualys Event Collector fetches Activity Logs (Audit Logs) and Host Vulnerabilities.
This integration was integrated and tested with version 3.15.2.0-1 of Qualys.

## Configure Qualys Event Collector on Cortex XSOAR

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Configurations** > **Data Collection** > **Automation & Feed Integrations**. 
2. Search for Qualys Event Collector.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | Server URL |  | True |
    | Username |  | True |
    | Password |  | True |
    | Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
    | Use system proxy settings |  | False |
    | First fetch time | if "First Fetch Time" set for long time ago, it may cause performance issues. | True |

>     | Vulnerability Fetch Interval | Time between fetches of vulnerabilities \(for example 12 hours, 60 minutes, etc\). | True |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Vulnerability Fetch Interval | Time between fetches of vulnerabilities \(for example 12 hours, 60 minutes, etc.\). | True |
```

    | Activity Logs Fetch Interval | Time between fetches of activity logs. | False |

>     | Activity Logs Fetch Limit | Limit on number of activity logs to fetch per fetch iteration. | True |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Activity Logs Fetch Limit | Maximum number of activity logs to fetch per fetch iteration. | True |
```

>     | Host Detections Fetch Limit | Limit on number of hosts to return the detections for it in a single fetch iteration. | True |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Host Detections Fetch Limit | Maximum number of hosts to return in a single fetch iteration. | True |
```

You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSIAM CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

### qualys-get-activity-logs

***
Gets activity logs from Qualys.

#### Base Command

`qualys-get-activity-logs`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| should_push_events | If true, the command will create events, otherwise it will only display them. Possible values are: true, false. Default is false. | Required | 
| limit | Maximum results to return. | Optional | 
| since_datetime | Date to return results from. | Optional | 
| offset | Offset which events to return. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### qualys-get-host-detections

***
Gets host detections from Qualys.

#### Base Command

`qualys-get-host-detections`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| should_push_events | If true, the command will create events, otherwise it will only display them. Possible values are: true, false. Default is false. | Required | 

> | limit | Maximum results to return. | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| limit | Maximum number of results to return. | Optional | 
```

Qualys Vulnerability Management lets you create, run, fetch and manage reports, launch and manage vulnerability and compliance scans, and manage the host assets you want to scan for vulnerabilities and compliance.
This integration was integrated and tested with version 3.15.2.0-1 of Qualys.

## Configure Qualys Event Collector on Cortex XSOAR

> 1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Configurations** > **Data Collection** > **Automation & Feed Integrations**. 
```

2. Search for Qualys Event Collector.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | Server URL |  | True |
    | Username |  | True |
    | Password |  | True |
    | Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
    | Use system proxy settings |  | False |
    | First fetch time |  | True |
    | Host Detections Fetch Interval | Time between fetches of host detections \(for example 12 hours, 60 minutes, etc\). | True |

4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.

## Commands

> You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSIAM CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
```
